[Music]
hi hello welcome back to another video I
hope you're doing really good in your
safe and well at the moment in today's
video I'm going to be showing you some
high-protein low calorie dessert options
we're going all out today I am super
excited if you guys are following me for
a while you'll know how much for sweet
teeth have so today is a good day I've
got this huge bar of chocolate that I'm
about to chop up so my whole approach is
just being like smart with my choices
and the so many alternatives like it
doesn't mean if you're trying to reach
like fitness or any sort of goal that
you've got to restrict thing that is not
the way there's just so many ways around
it and there's a lot of replacements
better healthier alternatives but still
really really tasty you know most
importantly Before we jump straight into
it if you could hit this video with a
like and make sure you subscribed I
would really appreciate it and we'll go
straight ahead so the first one I'm
going to make is a blonde chick pea
dessert sounds really strange and you're
probably thinking the chick pea like how
does that work but just trust me on this
one I'm going to show you what you need
is really minimal ingredients and really
really tasty so that it's all you're
going to need is a tin of chick peas of
preference I'm using my favorite flavor
cookies and cream protein I'll leave a
link below so no I'm just using this one
that we've got in at the moment just a
crunchy peanut butter a banana and
chocolate chips I'm going to just like
chop these into little tiny cubes baking
powder and bicarbonate of soda and a bit
of almond milk just drained my chickpeas
out and I'm just going to put this into
the container before I start to blend it
a chickpea
yeah 204 grams of the chickpeas I just
put a bit of water in here so it's
easier to blend bombs if you've got a
food processor or own that's a lot
easier but we'll make them to be what
we've got so just give this a shake
around like in between blending it and
it does eventually get to a really nice
consistency so I'm just popping that all
into a bowl
hates me
and then I'm just measuring out 30 grams
of protein which is bad scoop then I'm
measuring out 34 grams of banana
literally the riper the better mush in
that around and then putting it all into
the mixing bowl then I'm just adding a
teaspoon of baking powder and
bicarbonate of soda that just helps with
it all rising and then just to help
loosen it off of it as well so the
chocolate chips just like as much as you
like hot chocolate tends to have that
sugar in as well as we could use that as
an alternative it took quite a while to
chop all the chocolate chunks into
little chips oh I definitely say use the
chips if you've got them in so for
writing those I'm just stirring that
around getting it's like a nice mixture
it was really easy to stir actually I
think the chickpeas are really good
consistency then adding my chocolate
chip chunks giving that a little mix
around then just pouring the mixture
into the baking paper and that is ready
score in the oven I always like to just
flatten the top of the like the cake
thing with my logs batcher and you can
also add like any topping to you fancy
on top
so that is the chickpea hey out of the
other so this literally only took 20
minutes in the oven and oh my goodness
it was so so like moist in the middle so
nice and like super fluffy you never
know it's made from chickpeas so once
it's cooled that's when I cut it into
little pieces look how it gooey that is
so I mean absolutely obsessed with these
recently it's just so good that you
don't need to use any flour or search
and they're really good macros and just
so like fluffy in the middle so onsen
excellent which is like an oak cookie
and these are so good these are probably
like my quickest go to and while I love
about all these recipes like you don't
need a ton of ingredients you just throw
it in One Bowl pop it in the oven and
it's super quick and easy cookies I
really look out as well so for this one
you're just going to need oats some
peanut butter you can use crunchy or two
of bananas right bananas make everything
a bit more like fluffier and low protein
there I'm using it cookies and cream so
just like not all the time fav from
chocolate chips I'm using this but
obviously you can just use up whatever
chocolate you've got in our home so I'm
just measuring 90 grams of oats in a
mixing bowl and then my hundred 50 grams
of right because you can get bananas
that really makes all the difference
and then just mashing that all up and
adding that into the O's then I'm using
60 grams of the cookies and cream whey
protein in the bowl and that's about two
scoops then I'm using 35 grams of peanut
butter I'm yet actually using the
crunchy one but I didn't a smooth one
that were probably easier like to mix
around and then I'm just stirring it all
up until it gets to like a battery kind
of consistency just to mention as well
make sure you do use
ripe bananas in a cookie recipe because
otherwise it will just be impossible to
get like a runny consistency it would
just be super sticky a better kind of
consistency it does kind of kill you
might kill your arm but yeah and then
I'm just measuring out some chocolate
this is so nice by the way I only
described the reason that it's like dark
chocolate orange really really good oh
my goodness
these dark chocolate orange chips made
such a big difference like the honest in
made these cookies so much nicer and so
yeah mixing it all together and then
just portion them out I actually made
that 11 cookies but obviously just make
them as big or as small as you prefer I
pop these in the oven so these take no
time all in here than they're really
quick to cook so just make sure you've
got your iron then and I always think
like the you know the more kind of like
cookie dairy in the middle of the sector
and yes such good macros about 92
calories per one and then I just put
some like low sugar sauce on top so come
across a recipe that I haven't tried
before and it is a chocolate brownie
recipe and 37 calories per brownie which
just sounds crazy and they look so yummy
so I think I'm gonna give this a whirl I
don't have like one of the ingredients
which is just the Greek yogurt I just
got like natural yogurt but I don't
think it'll make a huge huge difference
when I give this a go so for this one
you're going to need a fat-free yogurt a
Greek yogurt would be best but I've just
got natural in at the moment some cocoa
powder I'm just going to use this
Belgian chopped hot chocolate with a
sweetener I'm just going for this
natural sources sweetener some milk I'm
just gonna use like 2/3 semi-skimmed one
singular egg and some baking powder and
the inserts into this as well it's just
like a blend one which I love a bit of
that you just throw it all in the
blender and super-quick it easy so I
didn't have any Greek yogurt in so I use
like the natural fat-free yogurt which
was fine but I do think
Greek yogurt would definitely letter so
yeah just 190 grams like that and then
measuring out 40 grams of milk
then I am using the options hot
chocolate powder for my cocoa powder I
didn't have much of this left but I use
30 grams of that I have ran out of them
this hot chocolate pallets and he's
going to put 15 grams of cacao powder in
as well I was actually really happy with
how the cacao powder like mixed of the
cocoa so if you have got that in you
could put that you know together or just
use old cocoa powder and then then I'm
just using an app via sweetener and I'm
measuring out 32 grams of face this is
the first time I bake with it and I was
quite impressed with it as well and
lastly it's just like a quarter of a
teaspoon of baking powder and then it's
all ready to blend we're really careful
not to over blend it as it only takes a
few seconds I think I made my mixture a
little bit too really and obviously
don't like this smoothie and then before
it goes in the oven I'm just greasing it
with some coconut oil so it doesn't
stick and then pouring that in it did
cry out to rinse I think I over blend
with it so yeah that's just a little
heads up if you do try it this would
this is taking a bit long as it's still
kind of like
in the middle just to get to it it's
kind of firmed up a little bit okay so
just take into the brownies at the oven
this is a bit that I've just ended and
it's really yummy so in terms of the
brownies they took so much longer to
cook in the oven and used a bit too much
milk by accident so definitely make sure
you don't use as much milk and try and
use Greek yogurt in your one but they
actually taste amazing and they're super
moist I always like to undercook my
brownies anyway so I definitely over
blended this one but I was so happy with
how it turned out it was like super
gooey and moist in the middle and
obviously 64 calories her size is just
insane so here are my creations I'm
really happy with how they turned out
and let me know if you do try any of
these recipes they're definitely a lot
lower in calories and low in sugar as
well which is really good as well as of
course being a high protein my goodness
I'm so happy with the chickpea Blondie's
and the cookies they taste absolutely
amazing I would love to see some of your
recreations of these I would really
recommend trying to chickpea brownies
because it's something super different
so yeah that one is at the end of this
video if you haven't only don't forget
to hit that like button and subscribe
and I will see you guys in the next
video